Working individually.

General project idea: I would like to create a text-based game of checkers. This would 
allow a person to play against either against another person or a bot in the game of 
checkers. The updated board -- and potentially other metadata, depending on how it is 
implemented -- would appear in the terminal after each move. 

I suppose for I would need to have a better understanding of checkers for any implementation 
as I have not played the game for a few years, but I don't expect this to be overly difficult. 

Easy implementation: The checkers game would be set up in a player v. player way,
without any "versus bot" option. Ie, there's only the two-player mode (unless 
one person wishes to go against themself, but that's not the point of how to play). 
The most "difficult" part about this would be implementating the game logic: keeping
track of the turn, figuring out where the pieces are, and so on. I would also like 
to add a timer and a music component into this implementation -- which seems to have 
some available libraries to support this.

Medium implementation: In this version, it would still be a checkers game. However, 
instead of person versus person (2-player mode), this version would only support 
player v. bot. So, it's one person going against an automated system. The difficult
part about this implementation would be creating the automated system / bot to play 
against the player. I would look into mini-max evaluation and alpha-beta for this 
implementation. I would also have to look into start-game and end-game strategy 
to help with runtime, such that I don't need to literally evaluate every single 
move. This implementation would likely not have the timer / music component that 
the easy implemenation would have either, just due to time constraints, though 
I'm open to negotiation on this. 
-- The source of inspiration is a conversation with Professor Kurtz. 

Challenge implementation: This version would build upon the medium implementation. 
After creating the player v. bot implementation / have that working with the 
mini-max evluation and the alpha-beta, I would create more "modes" of checkers 
that the player could choose. For instance, a mode where every five moves, a 
completely random move would be chosen for the player. Or one of the pieces, if 
captured, would result in the loss of the game (like the king in chess). I think 
that this would be more challenging because I would have to shift game logic to 
allow for different strategies (as well as code the bot to play well with said 
different strategies).